Update release editor checklist (#34511)
mantidproject/mantid: dev-docs/source/ReleaseChecklist.rst

Beta Testing Begins
###################

* Initial amalgamation of the the release notes:

  * ``git pull`` on ``release-next``.
  * Create a new branch using the `Mantid Git Workflow guidance <https://developer.mantidproject.org/GitWorkflow.html#new-branches>`_.
  * Navigate to your Mantid 'build' directory and open ``command-prompt.bat``.
  * In the new command prompt, navigate to the `release_editor.py script <https://github.com/mantidproject/mantid/blob/main/tools/ReleaseNotes/release_editor.py>`_ and run, parsing the correct version number. The script copies all of the separate release notes under the correct heading of their upper level file, e.g. ``framework.rst``, and moves the original release notes into a 'Used' directory.

    .. code-block:: bash

      python release_editor.py --release 6.5.0

>   * Check the script has run correctly by checking all individual rst files have been moved into their respective 'used' directories.

Reviewer: Maybe it would be good to mention the unused release note finder tool here? I know you explain further below but perhaps suggest the tool could be used here (see below for further details) or something to that effect?

Just before release
###################

* As one of the final steps in preparing to tag the release:

>   * Add any final release notes manually to the main release note pages. (Make sure to check `main` for any release notes that have merged t the wrong branch)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Add any final release notes manually to the main release note pages. (Make sure to check `main` for any release notes that have been merged into the wrong branch)
```

  * Remove unused headings from the main release note pages.
  * Remove all separate release note files and sub-file structure to leave just the main release note pages.

> 

Reviewer: I think its worth adding a step/section about checking the main branch for release notes using the new release note finder tool.
